== README

Create a basic clone to emulate the functionality of Hacker News.

You'll want a table of 'stories' that have the following fields:

title
link
body
up_votes
down_votes
timestamps
The user will only submit either title/link, or title/body. up_votes and down_votes will be set at zero by default. Unless attempting the bonus, don't implement voting and leave them at zero.

There are no users in this system, and anyone can create, delete, and view stories. Do not attempt to implement a user system. Do not attempt to implement a commenting system, as we will do this tomorrow.

Make it so that you can view an index of all stories, view individual stories, update, delete and submit new stories.

Use Sinatra and ActiveRecord to make all of this work.

Bonuses

Attempt to figure out how to require only title/link, or title/body and disallow inputting the three of them. This will be tricky and has multiple solutions

Leave url blank to submit a question for discussion. If there is no url, the text (if any) will appear at the top of the comments page. If there is a url, the text will be ignored.
Attempt to implement a voting system, which each story has buttons for voting up and down. Display the current total score for each story. Also, display the order of the stories on the index page from most votes to fewest votes.

Try to make the CSS look as close to Hacker News as realistically possible. Don't copy or reference their CSS code.



This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
